Update formatting, headers, and redirects (#23)
ultralytics/msvm: README.md

## 🤝 Contribute

> We thrive on community contributions! If you're interested in fixing bugs, adding features, or improving documentation for MSVM or other [Ultralytics YOLO](https://docs.ultralytics.com/models/yolov8) projects, your help is greatly appreciated. Please see our [Contributing Guide](https://docs.ultralytics.com/help/contributing) for more details on how to get started.

Reviewer: 💡 **MEDIUM**: This PR is framed as a branding/docs refresh, but this line still points contributors to the legacy YOLOv8 docs. That leaves the README inconsistent with current Ultralytics model positioning and sends users to older model documentation.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
We thrive on community contributions! If you're interested in fixing bugs, adding features, or improving documentation for MSVM or other [Ultralytics YOLO26](https://docs.ultralytics.com/models/yolo26) projects, your help is greatly appreciated. Please see our [Contributing Guide](https://docs.ultralytics.com/help/contributing) for more details on how to get started.
```

> We also value your feedback on Ultralytics products and encourage you to share your experiences by completing our brief [Survey](https://www.ultralytics.com/survey?utm_source=github&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=Survey). A huge 🙏 thank you to all our contributors for supporting open-source AI! Explore more cutting-edge [AI solutions](https://docs.ultralytics.com/solutions) and manage your projects with [Ultralytics HUB](https://platform.ultralytics.com/).

Reviewer: 📝 **LOW**: The destination has been updated to the current platform, but the anchor text still uses the retired "Ultralytics HUB" name. Keeping the old product name here is confusing in a branding cleanup PR.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
We also value your feedback on Ultralytics products and encourage you to share your experiences by completing our brief [Survey](https://www.ultralytics.com/survey?utm_source=github&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=Survey). A huge 🙏 thank you to all our contributors for supporting open-source AI! Explore more cutting-edge [AI solutions](https://docs.ultralytics.com/solutions) and manage your projects with the [Ultralytics Platform](https://platform.ultralytics.com/).
```
